Update outdated Appboy method doc links (#9000)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/sms/sms_subscription_group.md

### How users' SMS subscription groups get set 

- **Rest API:** User profiles can be programmatically set by the [`/subscription/status/set` endpoint][4] by using the Braze REST API.

> - **SDK Integration** Users can be added to an email or SMS subscription group using the `addToSubscriptionGroup` method for [Android](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-android-sdk/javadocs/com/braze/BrazeUser.html#addToSubscriptionGroup-java.lang.String-), [iOS](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/user-swift.class/addtosubscriptiongroup(id:fileid:line:)), or [Web][11].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **SDK Integration** Users can be added to an email or SMS subscription group using the `addToSubscriptionGroup` method for [Android](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-android-sdk/kdoc/braze-android-sdk/com.braze/-braze-user/add-to-subscription-group.html), [iOS](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/user-swift.class/addtosubscriptiongroup(id:fileid:line:)), or [Web][11].
```
